feat(http): Add pages for Service Workers (#37230)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/http/headers/service-worker/index.md

---
title: Service-Worker
slug: Web/HTTP/Headers/Service-Worker
page-type: http-header
browser-compat: http.headers.Service-Worker
---

{{HTTPSidebar}}

The HTTP **`Service-Worker`** {{Glossary("request header")}} is included in fetches for a service worker's script resource.
This header helps administrators log service worker script requests for monitoring purposes.

<table class="properties">
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <th scope="row">Header type</th>
      <td>{{Glossary("Request header")}}</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th scope="row">{{Glossary("Forbidden header name")}}</th>
      <td>No</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

## Syntax

```http
Service-Worker: script
```

## Directives

> - `script`
>   - : The only specified value this header may have.

Reviewer: This is correct, but for some reason I want to spell it out more ... maybe
```suggestion
- `script`
  - : A value indicating that this is a script. 
    This is the only allowed directive value for this header.
```

Author: I think this is the common pitfall of "we will add more values in future, for now just this one"
